trendsearth_schemas
===================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/ConservationInternational/trends.earth-schemas.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/ConservationInternational/trends.earth-schemas
    :alt: Build Status 

``trendsearth_schemas`` is a python package that stores the schemas used for
internal handling of the results of trends.earth analyses.

This package was produced as an output of the Global Environment Facility
(GEF)-funded project “Enabling the use of global data sources to assess and
monitor land degradation at multiple scales”. The project aims to provide
guidance on robust methods and a toolbox for assessing, monitoring status, and
estimating trends in land degradation using remote sensing technology. For
additional information on the project see http://vitalsigns.org/gef-ldmp.

The Land Degradation Monitoring Project is a collaboration of Conservation
International, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), and
Lund University.

License
-------

``trendsearth_schemas`` is free and open-source. It is released under the
following (MIT) license:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Except as contained in this notice, the name(s) of the above copyright holders
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

``trendsearth_schemas`` is part of trends.earth

.. image:: 
    https://s3.amazonaws.com/trends.earth/sharing/trends_earth_logo_bl_print_400width.png
    :target: https://trends.earth
    :alt: Part of trends.earth
